At a high level, we have roughly three things that we wish to do:

1. Add a section introducing integrity and adjust the text to reflect
   its treatment in COWL.

2. Restructure the related work to focus on high-level design choices
   while keeping the comparisons and details of individual systems.

3. Expand the discussion (maybe by adding a limitation/discussion
   section) to address the limitations of the system. In particular,
   we want to discuss the trade-offs due to the chosen label model, the
   coarse granularity, and difficulty of policy
   specification/compartmentalization.


Reviewer A
--------------------------------------------------------------

1. It is not clear in this context what an "object" is; is it an
arbitrary JavaScript reference, a DOM object, or just a serialized
labeled blob?

We agree that this not clear enough, we used the word "object" too
loosely. We will revise to be more specific: Blobs, which can include
serialized JavaScript values (e.g., as seen in postMessage).

ALE: DONE (we use blob-messages as labeled intra-browser communication)

2. What is the label check done when accessing the DOM of compartment?

We believe that by giving integrity full treatment this question will
be addressed: suppose compartment A tries to modify the DOM of
compartment B. With DCLabels, this operation is allowed if compartment
A's current integrity label implies the integrity label on the DOM.

Ordinarily, this label check would fail, because the current integrity
label of all compartments defaults to public (no integrity
guarantees), but the integrity label of a DOM defaults to its origin.
However, if compartment A holds the privilege for B, the operation
would be allowed, the privilege overriding the label check and
endorsing a cross-compartment DOM write.

ALE: DONE This is done as well, the DOM has no label as indicated above, but it is 
protected by the current label of its containing compartment.

3. How do you disallow the manual setting of label XHR header?
(Also raised by reviewer B)

We'll clarify the text here to note that such headers are filtered
by our modified XHR constructor.

ALE: CHECK (We say in Section 3.2 that label XHR are set by the API 
but I couldn't find how we allow the manual setting of label XHR header)

4. The paragraph on "clearance" does not really belong to the section
labeled "XMLHttpRequest".

The interesting part about clearance relates to the use of the labeled
XHR, but since clearance is "first class" it makes sense to separate
it from XHR. We intend to do this.

ALE: DONE (Introduced briefly in Section 3.1 but it is discussed in 
Section 7 with covert channels)

5. "I am wondering whether in practice using mashups composed of lots
of different libraries can lead to a proliferation of complex policies
about which the developers may have trouble reasoning."

This is an interesting question to address in the expanded discussion
and we intend to do so.  Developers definitely need to understand
COWL's primitives when using them. However, our experience to date is
that a relatively small set of canonical design patterns captures many
common web application (and mashup) behaviors. If space permits, we
wish to highlight that as part of future work, we're interested in a
higher-level policy language which could let developers express
intricate policies (e.g., that involve many libraries and mutual
distrust among them) in a straightforward way, and that a compiler
could then compile such policies into the COWL primitives.

ALE: CHECK (We have not said that future work includes the production 
of high-level policies)

Reviewer B
--------------------------------------------------------------

1. The tainted component does not need communication after initially
obtaining its taint/private information. Is that what's required of
applications in order for them to be secured by COWL?

We will clarify that if an applications must communicate after reading
sensitive data it can do so by (a-priori) creating multiple
compartments (e.g., one to that always communicates with the network
and the other for inspecting the sensitive data) or acquire (if it
doesn't alreayd have) the privilege to downgrade/declassify its label.

ALE: DONE (This is clear from the password checker example and the third-party
mashup). 

2. I suggest removing all footnotes about integrity and adding a
separate section. (Also raised by reviewers D and E)

We strongly agree.

ALE: DONE (Added in the text in Section 3.1 and reference to the DC label 
paper)

[DONE] 3. Is COWL safe from covert channels? Or does COWL merely limit the
rate of information leak via covert channels?

We briefly discussed this at the end of section 3 and 3.3, but since
we plan to extract clearance into its own section, treating covert
channels in this section seems more appropriate.

ALE: DONE (Now covert channels is in the discussion section together 
with clearence. Importantly, we say that we do not introduce any new 
covert channel!)


The details: When the SOP is restricted--i.e., no labeled XHR was
used--the question of covert channels is irrelevant, since webpages do
not have direct access to any more sensitive data than they would have
had access to already.  This is the case for 3/4 example applications.

However, labeled XHR allows access to sensitive data that would not be
accessible under SOP, so covert channels are a definite concern here.
Clearance can be used to restrict the sensitivity of data that can be
read (and thus leaked via covert channels), allowing access only to
data a compartment "needs to know." As also mentioned, to achieve the
functionality of third-party mashup sites, the status quo requires the
user to give up their password; COWL significantly improves this state
of affairs.

ALE: DONE (the discussion above is valid, but it is still valid that 
we do not add new covert channels, but the page can now exploit it in 
more scenarios---bare in mind that before you give away your data 
explicitly as indicated in discussion above)

e13479dfd75953f6b25b82ca207b91165ebbe062
e19fec4096412a2abebfad10deb574f4fa884623

[DONE] 4. Does the sharing of heap space for LWorker introduce new covert
channels?

We'll add a note in the implementation section to clearly highlight
that since our implementation of LWorkers repurposes V8 contexts and
SpiderMonkey compartments we believe the chance of unauthorized
leakage of information between LWorkers to be no worse than that of
iframes.

ALE: CHECK (Although we do not introduce new (timing) covert channels with the 
introduction of LWorkers, it is not explicited mention in Section 7. It would be 
a good idea to do so). 

e13479dfd75953f6b25b82ca207b91165ebbe062
e19fec4096412a2abebfad10deb574f4fa884623

Reviewer C
--------------------------------------------------------------

1. Writing is good, but can be better.  I particularly wanted to see some
code examples using COWL.  For example, consider showing the code for your
password checker. ...

We agree that it would be instructive to present the code for the
password checker, and will do so. We will similarly address other
presentations concerns, suggested by the reviewers (C included).

ALE: DONE (no room for showing code)

[DONE] 2. I like Sec 2.1 which provides background for me; could you
also explain CSP and CORS in this style?

Yes. We will do so.

d9121df41403d9fe242f4a11f7055ea033529fc1
eef754ab196266fddfa5da0341576bfe2127f32a
48a24f6ac09e048d6fcae0941ccebb4712931e7e

ALE: DONE!

3. Table 2: some unexpected speedups are not explained, such as "New
iframe - Firefox - labeled" and "New worker - Firefox - unlabeled[c]."

We will update the explanation of the table to note that this
difference (14.5 ms unlabeled, 14.4 ms labeled) is small enough to be
explained by variability in the distribution of completion times.

ALE: DONE! (It is marked those speed ups in the table and explained in the
text)


4. Why "at 90 messages" you exhaust the call stack?  Is the 90 stack
frames thing in javascript spec?

We will clarify that the LWorkers run in the same context as the
parent which spawns them, so messaging is actually a function call
which runs-to-completion.  The stack limit depends on the underlying
JavaScript engine implementation and is not specified in the
specification.

ALE: CHECK (we should add a footnote in the last sentence from the 
paragraph "Communication" in Section 6.1. It should says something 
like "...the call stack\footnote{Recall that LWorkers share the same heap}". 

5. Why did you use a "simplified version" of the encrypted document
editor?

ALE: DONE!

We will update the measurements section to note that it was unclear
how to securely re-implement the application without COWL, so we
decided to be generous and implement a version with no privacy
guarantees, which one would expect to run faster (it utilized no
cryptographic operations).

Reviewer D
--------------------------------------------------------------

1. "Unfortunately, as much as I liked the idea put forth in the
introduction, I gradually became disappointed with the paper
presentation as I read on..."

As with other reviewers' presentation concerns we'll try to structure
section 3 more clearly.

ALE: DONE!

2. "COWL makes the ambient authority of an origin explicit" (what is
an ambient authority?)

We will clarify that under the SOP, the notion of origin is always
implicit: a page is loaded from a URL, and that compartment is forever
associated with that exact origin. By "ambient authority" we mean the
origin is implicit in the page. By contrast, under COWL, a compartment
has explicit control over its label (and privilege).

ALE: DONE (the idea of the control over the label is clear from the 
begining and we no longer use the phrase "ambient authority")

[DONE] 3. In the password checker example (pg. 3), why is CSP too
restrictive?  From what I understand, CSP allows one to explicitly
whitelist origins the compartment can talk to.

This misunderstanding may be due to our explanation of what
functionality and security properties are expected of the password
checker.  (Using a word like 'inflexible' instead of 'restrictive' may
also help.) We will clarify this and discuss the two CSP policies one
might consider: a CSP policy which permits no origins, and one which
permits access to the database.  The former is too is too restrictive
because we can never download the password regex database; the latter
is is too *permissive*, once you grant access to an origin, that
access persists for the entire page, even after the password checker
has received the password: it could just send the password to the
remote origin.

ALE: DONE (this explanation is in the example)

eef754ab196266fddfa5da0341576bfe2127f32a

Reviewer E
--------------------------------------------------------------

1. How do you address taint-accumulation?

In our related work improvements, when comparing coarse-grained and
fine-grained systems we will address the issue of over-tainting. Our
answer is two-fold.  First, compartments in browsing contexts are
relatively short-lived, a result of navigation.  Second, the ability
to create compartments means operations which raise labels can be
isolated to separate compartments. Good application design can avoid
accumulation of taint.

ALE: DONE (it is clear through the examples when compartments are 
created in order to fetch some data first, before loosing the ability 
to talk to the network)

To address the reviewer's comment with respect to files, when
describing how we deal with storage layers, we will also note how
labeled storage can be integrated with COWL. Namely, by taking the
simple design principle (seen in prior systems HiStar [42] and
Hails/LIO [11]), which avoids taint-accumulation: the label associated
with a file/cookie is immutable, and writes which cannot flow to the
label are rejected.

ALE: DONE (we said that fine-grained storage is future work)

2. SOP "provides some degree of integrity" for DOM changes, what
about COWL?

We intend to address this question by clarifying the first reviewer's
question on what check is performed when modifying the DOM since the
motivation for the DOM integrity label was very much to ensure that
COWL is at least as restricting as the SOP.

ALE: DONE!

3. Is your vision to co-exist or replace all existing security
mechanisms?

We will try to clarity that COWL is explicitly designed to allow for
an incremental deployment path in the backwards-compatibility section.
While in our prior work [40] we discussed how a label system can
subsume the policies that can be implemented with today's SOP, CSP,
CORS, etc., COWL co-exists with these mechanisms, offering MAC to
pages which opt-in to this new functionality. This confusion may have
been, in part, due to the fact that we only mentioned [40]; we hope to
further clarify this by comparing with [40].

ALE: DONE (we said that it is backwards-compatible in the abstract. It is clear
in Section 6 that COWL can be turned on and off.)

3. What does COWL give up by taking a coarse-grained approach?
(Also raised by B and D.)

We touch on some of the trade-offs of coarse-grained vs.  fine-grained
IFC in the related work section, although the discussion is focused on
specific prior systems.  We will revise the explanations to focus on
the high-level details and trade-offs of the two approaches. Generally
speaking, coarse-grained IFC requires developers to give some though
about how to compartmentalize a system to achieve desired security.
Fine-grained IFC can require less programmer effort: we imagine that
our jQuery example would be more natural in a fine-grained IFC system.


Still, the benefits of a coarse grained system are compelling, and
we conjecture that coarse-grained and fine-grained IFC are equally 
expressive, provided one use arbitrarily many compartments.  Of 
course, even if this equivalence holds in theory, in practice,
it's unattractive for the programmer to need to introduce deep
nesting of compartments to emulate fine-grained IFC (and presumably
slower than fine-grained IFC, if you literally put compartments
around every individual object).

Both approaches are not mutually exclusive, one could imagine 
introducing compartments where fine-grained IFC is applied instead 
(e.g., JSFlow). This is an interesting direction for future work.

ALE: CHECK (It is in the related work section)

--------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------

Untrusted Third-Party Library: we should bring about the idea of
authority. It's important for a page to be able to drop its privileges
to talk to the network for this to work. Hence control over "ambient
authority" is another requirement for the confinement system.

Alternative approach to sec 3:

- MAC in the browser
  - (MAC)                             labeled contexts
  - (symmetric confinement)           labeled blobs & postMessage
  - (hierarchical confinement)        lworkers
  - (explicit control over authority) privileges
- Loosening the SOP
  -                                   lxhr
  - (addressing covert channels)      clearance
  Make a note that clearane is used to address covert channels.
  It's standard, the only interesting thing is that user's have
  control over it.
  Forward reference discussion section on covert channels.

- "putting it all together"
  - full API

For secrecy, authority means you can punch out of confinement
For integrity, I own a channel

What is privilege? A compartment is allowed to DO something.  For secrecy, in a
MAC system, you can violate confinement: literally, "you can send something to
someone so that they will not be confined when they get it".

For Section 2, we don't need the protocol: "both secrecy and integrity involve
the notion of privilege. For any system to ".  Then in section 3 will transition
(saying it's a pain)

discipline/punish/authority

A common approach, and one that we adopt, is to divide a software system into
compartment, and then to achieve secrecy and integrity, one must reason about
the *privileges* that these [Seltzer] compartments have. A privilege, broadly
speaking, refers to the ability to execute an operation of some type
(e.g. reads, writes).

What does privilege mean for secrecy and integrity, in the context of MAC?
Well, recall in MAC, you have confinement: if compartment A sends sensitive info
to B, by default B can't leak that sensitive information to unauthorized
parties.  Privilege means that the ability to send information that is exempted
from this restriction (specifically, send information to another compartment,
while still allowing B to leak it anywhere.)  For integrity, if we have
communicating parties A and B, and A has the privilege to do so, then B receives
it.

New idea: two gets across, you need MAC and you need secrecy and integrity and
/authority/

Authority implies trust?  Programmers need to control what compartments can
disseminate and modify information.  Broadly speaking, these are privileges: the
ability to do these things.
